# CSFinalProject
In the project, Scientific Python Interactive Data Acoustic Modeling, the program recieves an audio file, converts it into a .wav file and deletes the meta data that is not needed. After doing so, it offers the user options to plot the graph of apmlitude vs time, the highest frequencies, the lowest frequencies, the middle frequencies, and a graph of those three frequencies combined.

This project is meant to give a look at how different portions of the problem solving process can come together to solve a problem. This project gave us experiance with working as a team, designing a scrum board, working on coding tasks together and communicating with the other members in order to plan the process we decided to follow. The program itself helps to view data that could be useful in designing rooms in order to make the voice intelligibility better.

To use this program, open in pycharm. Then click the run button. After click the Browse button on the pop up and look for the file on your computer. After selecting the file click the Load button. Check the message at the bottom of the pop up to see if the load was succesful. After a successful load, click on the Plot button to plot the amplitude vs time. Click the Time button to see the time of the file. If you want to see the graph for the highest frequency click on the button labeled RT60 three times. Click the button labeled RT60 once for the low frequency. Click on the button labeled RT60 twice to graph middle frequencies. Click on the combined graph button to see the combined frequencies graph. Click the x in the top right to close the pop up. If you want to see the frequency for the whole file click the Plot Frequency button.
